The reality versus the trigger. When does the company actually own the goods?
Physical versus Financial? You received a box, it's right there. Physically on
your desk but for the company's Money Records, it doesn't officially exist. Yet
think of it. Like a sports game. You have the ball physical delivery but
it doesn't officially count for the score until you make the shot digital
Goods, receipt action without that shot. The score keeper, never sees it. The
trigger your action greater than its impact, the big change from a box on
a desk to what the company officially owes or owns on paper happens. When
you take a specific digital action, the goods, receipt gr, this digital entry
is your trigger without it. The delivery is invisible to accounting. No one
knows the company should pay for it. Look at the image of the Box
on the desk without the truck icon. Click Can the company see it on
its Financial scoreboard, think about the difference.